welcome back to comedy roundup come
little Etihad helpful little concerned
juice pitcher they came to swansea
voxengo numerous capris and states
reorganize kept our heads for you mangy
yogathon just hitting at San Antonio
Texas mizuki long scar yoga origin here
yeah
Hindus once a buxom USA volunteers and
fitness fans from all across the nation
began v6 the air of a low on health for
Humanity you got on all Serena mosca
Vietnam hasika leaving San Antonio Texas
maybe I did watch surya namaskar ethnic
ah giacometti me jana sadness case for
apple Teddy Keiko
we are doing health for Humanity
yogathon today pseudonymous calumet 2015
the goal of this event is to spread
awareness of the health benefits of yoga
to the general public and we are here at
the Alamo in San Antonio Texas ready to
offer some texas-sized Surya Namaskar
sup Sun Salutations we are going to do
108 round of series of poses called Sun
Salutation and it typically takes an
hour and 15 minutes we have several
organizations that are faith-based that
are participating maybe round about 30
of those and then we have several yoga
studios around the city participating as
well the highlight of the event is yeah
Nia which means sacrifice so we chose
the value of the Alamo because it
signifies self-sacrifice and that is
what we are here to do we are going to
sacrifice our time and energy for a
higher cause to spread awareness of yoga
you are gathered here today to offer
seuss offer something that is very
important to the Sun which is the Sun
Salutations by doing so we not only gain
benefits for ourselves but also we can
bring it the energy out to the world we
can gain more of helping with physical
benefits mental benefits and it's very
amazing for kids for parents for LA from
eight people of all ages can do this to
gain their physical strength mental
strength they absolutely the focus
everything is being done here so we're
all gathered here so next time every
time I would invite everybody to do
Surya Namaskar at home and at work you
can be down at work when we get
time to it takes about the food circuits
and leave our 10 minutes so skip your 10
minutes of your day to do so little
mascot especially offering to the Sun
it's a windy day of honor thank you Miss
as the popularly known as grandpa yoga
in Texas I did rhythmic gymnastics for
12 years I'm and kind of segue into yoga
about five years ago it helped me
overcome a lot of injuries that I'd
acquired while doing gymnastics and just
the mental aspect of it kind of calming
yourself finding Center and some
patience and compassion is really the
reason why I practice I just found it
out it's a nice balance most of my
exercise over the years has been like
weight lifting and running and real
traditional stuff when i find this is a
nice balance you know also a pretty
intense practice but it's a lot
different on developing a different kind
of strength and like what is what she
said i'd also been kind of looking at a
meditation and kind of easter practices
i guess and it just seemed like yoga was
a natural fit and it's just a nice
chance like a couple hours a week to
kind of even really be centered and work
on kind of your mental balance i guess
me over the years I've been doing this a
lot I've been very involved in fact
right now is I believe in third great I
got to go on Fox News 29 and do it with
a couple of people there and it was
really interesting and fun and I guess
that this is just helped me focus a lot
and it's kept me active so i can look
forward to something in the mornings
yeah about a few bucks will be nilesh
gone a bit simple
yoga postures and ten steps that along
with easy breathing techniques can
provide immense help benefit to both the
body and the mind Hindu Sam Sione its
projected schwake year two thousand six
men and since its inception where is
yoga Sanchez County organization schools
and colleges money has got his Safari
Sarah comedy wonder he have foot
blue hell brings harmony well one
interface how many we can have new york
like MTG are they I to promote
interfaith celebrations Gina
international